docs: docs generation and modify readme (#31)
asyncapi/diff: standard-format.md

# Understanding the format of standard

This library depends on a "standard" which classifies a certain change as `breaking`, `non-breaking` or `unclassified`.

This object has the following structure:

```
{
	[jsonPointerPath]: {
		add: 'breaking' | 'non-breaking' | 'unclassified',
		remove: 'breaking' | 'non-breaking' | 'unclassified',
		edit: 'breaking' | 'non-breaking' | 'unclassified',
	}
}
```

`jsonPointerPath` is a path that points to a certain property from the AsyncAPI specification.

Example:

```yml
info:
  license:
    name: Apache 2.0
```

The jsonPointer to the `name` will be `/info/license/name`.

And each `jsonPointerPath` will have 3 properties. `add`, `remove` and `edit`, these points to three operations that can occur when modifying a AsyncAPI document.

1. `add` - A new property has been added.
2. `remove` - An existing property has been deleted.
3. `edit` - An existing property has been modified.

> and these 3 properties will have any one of the acceptable values.

Reviewer: you need to rephrase as I do not know what you mean

Author: Rephrased it. Can you check?

Reviewer: lgtm 🚀

1. `breaking` to consider a change as breaking change.
2. `non-breaking` to consider a change as non-breaking change.
3. `unclassified` to consider a change as an unclassified change.

Here's an example from the `standard.ts` file:

```js
{
	'/info/license/name': {
		add: 'breaking',
		remove: 'breaking',
		edit: 'breaking'
	}
}
```

## Working with patterned fields

> Since the AsyncAPI specifications allows the use of patterned fields, and these patterned fields differs from spec to spec.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the AsyncAPI specifications allow the use of patterned fields, and these patterned fields differ from spec to spec.
```

> Therefore, to overcome this issue, we came up `*`. The `*` will match any pattern it will get.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, to overcome this issue, we came up `*` wildcard. The `*` will match any pattern it will get.
```
